James Frederic Riley FRSE FRCSE (2 May 1912–17
January 1985) was a 20th-century English
physician, radiologist and cancer specialist. His
identification (working jointly with Dr Geoffrey
West) that the mast cell was the main producer of
histamine in the human body resulted in his being
made a visiting professor at the University of
Montreal and to his being awarded the Claude
Bernard Medal for medical achievement. He was one
of the first to identify the link between mast
cells and asthma and the potential use of
antihistamines in this field.   == Life == He was
born in Settle, Yorkshire on 2 May 1912. He was
educated at Giggleswick School in Yorkshire. He
studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh,
graduating with an MB ChB in 1935. In 1938 he was
elected a Fellow of  the Royal College of Surgeons
of Edinburgh. In the Second World War he served as
Assistant Surgeon to the Scottish Emergency
Medical Service, and for the final year served at
the rank of Major with the OC Mobile Surgical Unit
in India and Malaysia. Returning to Edinburgh he
received his doctorate (MD) in 1946. However,
despite intentions to be a surgeon, a skin
complaint on his hands prevented his being a
surgeon, and he instead retrained as a
radiologist, with particular interest in the use
of x-rays in cancer treatment. In 1948 he took on
the role of Consultant Radiologist at Dundee Royal
Infirmary. In 1950 he took on the additional role
of Reader in Radiotherapy at the University of St
Andrews Medical School in Dundee, which became
part of Queens College Dundee in 1954 and from
1967 was part of the new University of Dundee.
Riley retained the post of Reader until 1975, and
was a research fellow at the University of Dundee
from then until 1977. Much of his research at
Dundee was devoted to the mast cell and this led
to his discovery of the origins of histamine. In
1958 he received a second doctorate (PhD), from
the University of St Andrews. In 1968 he was
elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of
Edinburgh. His proposers were George H Bell, Rex
Coupland, Ian George Wilson Hill and James Ernest
Richey. He retired in 1976, and died in St Andrews
on 17 January 1985.   == Recognition and legacy ==
In 2015 Dundee erected a plaque to his memory as
part of the city's "Discovery Walk". His personal
papers are held by Archive Services at the
University of Dundee. Much of his original
laboratory equipment is held by the Tayside
Medical History Museum at Ninewells Hospital. His
papers are held by Archive Services at the
University of Dundee. Riley had an interest in
railways and these papers include a number of
railway photographs.   == Publications ==
Experiments in Carcinogenesis 1939-1944 (1946)
Skin Histamine: its Location in the Tissue Mast
cells (1956)   == References ==
Melody Lane is a 1929 black and white American
musical film. It is an adaption to the play The
Understander, written by Jo Swerling.   == Cast ==
Eddie Leonard as Des Dupree Josephine Dunn as
Dolores Dupree Rose Coe as Constance Dupree George
E. Stone as Danny Huntley Gordon as Rinaldi Jane
La Verne as Constance Dupree Blanche Carter as
Nurse Jake Kern as Orchestra Leader Monte Carter
as Stage Manager   == Soundtrack == "ROLY BOLY
EYES" Written by Eddie Leonard Performed by Eddie
Leonard "THE SONG OF THE ISLANDS" Written by
Charles E. King "Here I Am" Words and Music by
Eddie Leonard, Grace Stern, and Jack Stern
Copyright 1929 by Irving Berlin Inc. "There's
Sugar-Cane Around My Door" Words and Music by
Eddie Leonard, Grace Stern, and Jack Stern
Copyright 1929 by Irving Berlin Inc. "The Bogey-
Man Is Here" Words and Music by Eddie Leonard,
Grace Stern, and Jack Stern Copyright 1929 by
Irving Berlin Inc. "Beautiful" Words and Music by
Eddie Leonard, Grace Stern, and Jack Stern
Copyright 1929 by Irving Berlin Inc.   == Status
== The film is now incomplete, with a 16mm copy of
the last reel of the sound version, an incomplete
print of the silent version (5 of the 6 reels) is
also in the Library of Congress. An incomplete
soundtrack (reels 1, 3, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of 8) also
survives in the hands of a private collector.   ==
See also == List of early sound feature films
(1926–1929)   == References ==   == External links
== Melody Lane at IMDb
Frantz Dorsainvil (born 2 July 1991) is a Haitian
swimmer. He received a universality spot to
compete in 50m freestyle at the 2015 Pan American
Games in Toronto and finished 22nd with a time of
33.83 seconds. He competed in the men's 50 metre
freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where
he ranked 83rd with a time of 30.86 seconds. He
did not advance to the semifinals.   == References
==
Justine Moore is a British Paralympic wheelchair
fencer.   == Life == Moore was born in about 1992
and she damaged her spine from a fall from a tree.
In 2009 she took up fencing. In 2012 she did
wheelchair fencing in Hong Kong. She was at the
2012 Summer Paralympics. In the team event she
came sixth with teammates Gabi Down and Gemma
Collis-McCann. She was beaten by the Hungarian
Gyongyi Dani in the women's individual Épée
Category B. The match was at the  Excel Arena in
London. She obtained sponsorship to be at the
postponed 2020 Paralympics in Tokyo.   ==
References ==
Wonalancet is an unincorporated community in the
northwestern corner of the town of Tamworth in
Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.
Many popular hiking trails into the Sandwich Range
of the White Mountains have trailheads in the
area, particularly in the locale known as
Ferncroft, up a short spur road from Wonalancet.
The village is named for the 17th century
Pennacook sachem Wonalancet. Wonalancet has a
separate ZIP code (03897) from the rest of
Tamworth.   == See also == Katherine Sleeper
Walden Arthur Treadwell Walden Chinook (dog breed)
== References ==   == External links == Wonalancet
Out Door Club
Governors of Arab Egypt (640–1250) and Mamluk
Egypt (1250–1517).  For other periods, see the
list of rulers of Egypt.   == Rashidun Caliphate
(640–661) ==   == Umayyad Caliphate (661–750) ==
Dates taken from John Stewart's African States and
Rulers (2005).   == Abbasid Caliphate (750–969) ==
=== Governors during the first Abbasid period
(750–868) === Dates taken from John Stewart's
African States and Rulers (2005).   === Autonomous
emirs of the Tulunid dynasty (868–905) ===  Dates
taken from John Stewart's African States and
Rulers (2005).   === Governors during the second
Abbasid period (905–935) === Dates taken from John
Stewart's African States and Rulers (2005).   ===
Autonomous emirs of the Ikhshidid dynasty
(935–969) ===  Dates taken from John Stewart's
African States and Rulers (2005).   == Fatimid
Dynasty (969–1171) ==  Dates for Caliphs taken
from John Stewart's African States and Rulers
(2005).   == Ayyubid Sultanate (1171–1252) ==
Dates taken from John Stewart's African States and
Rulers (2005).   == Mamluk Sultanate (1250–1517)
==   === Bahri Mamluks (1250–1382, 1389-1390) ===
Dates taken from John Stewart's African States and
Rulers (2005), unless otherwise stated.   ===
Burji Mamluks (1382-1389, 1390–1517) ===   ==
Sources == Bosworth, Clifford E., The New Islamic
Dynasties:  A Chronological and Genealogical
Manual, Columbia University Press, New York, 1996
(Google Books) Kennedy, Hugh N. (1998). "Egypt as
a Province in the Islamic Caliphate, 641–868". In
Petry, Carl F. (ed.). The Cambridge History of
Egypt. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. pp.
62–85. ISBN 978-0-521-47137-4. Kennedy, Hugh
(2004). The Prophet and the Age of the Caliphates:
The Islamic Near East from the 6th to the 11th
Century (Second ed.). Harlow: Longman. ISBN
978-0-582-40525-7.   == See also == History of
Muslim Egypt   == Notes ==   == References ==
Hisako, Princess Takamado (憲仁親王妃久子, Norihito
Shinnōhi Hisako) (born Hisako Tottori (鳥取久子,
Tottori Hisako); 10 July 1953), is a member of the
Japanese Imperial Family as the widow of Norihito,
Prince Takamado.   == Background and education ==
Hisako was born on 10 July 1953 in Shirokane,
Minato, Tokyo.  She is the eldest daughter of
Japanese industrialist Shigejiro Tottori. Her
mother, Fumiko Tottori (née Tomoda), died on 18
July 2023 at the age of 96. Hisako accompanied her
father to England, where he was transferred for
work, and while still a child became fluent in the
English language. She subsequently graduated from
Girton College, Cambridge in 1975 with
undergraduate degrees in anthropology and
archaeology. On her return to Japan, she obtained
a position working for a translation company, but
soon returned to England to learn about legal
terminology used in statutes. She returned to
Japan again in 1982. After her return, she was
hired to assist Prince Mikasa as an interpreter
and assistant at the 31st International Asian-
North African Cultural Symposium. Princess
Takamado received a PhD in arts from the Osaka
University of Arts in February 2012.   == Marriage
and family == On 23 April 1984, she attended a
reception hosted by the Embassy of Canada in
Tokyo, where she first met Prince Norihito of
Mikasa, grandson of Emperor Taishō. He proposed on
20 May and the Imperial Household Council
announced the engagement on 1 August 1984. The
formal engagement ceremony made on 17 September
1984, and the wedding held on 6 December 1984.
They have three daughters:  Princess Tsuguko
(承子女王, Tsuguko Joō, born 8 March 1986 at Aiiku
Hospital in Tokyo) Princess Noriko (典子女王, Noriko
Joō, born 22 July 1988 at Aiiku Hospital in
Tokyo); following her marriage to Kunimaro Senge,
a commoner, on 5 October 2014, Princess Noriko
gave up her imperial title and left the Imperial
Family as required by 1947 Imperial Household Law,
took the surname of her husband and became known
as "Noriko Senge" (千家典子, Senge Noriko). Princess
Ayako (絢子女王, Ayako Joō, born 15 September 1990 at
Aiiku Hospital in Tokyo); following her marriage
to Moriya Kei, a commoner, on 29 October 2018,
Princess Ayako gave up her imperial title and left
the Imperial Family as required by 1947 Imperial
Household Law, took the surname of her husband and
became known as "Ayako Moriya" (守谷絢子, Moriya
Ayako).   == Public life and activities ==  Prince
and Princess Takamado were the most widely
traveled couple in the Japanese Imperial Family,
visiting 35 countries together in 15 years to
represent Japan on various functions. The Prince's
last visits included Egypt and Morocco in May
2000, Hawaii in July 2001 (to promote the Japanese
tea ceremony), and to South Korea from May to June
2002. The latter was in order to attend the
Opening Ceremony of the 2002 FIFA World Cup Korea-
Japan. The goodwill visit by the Prince and
Princess to Korea was the first Japanese imperial
visit since World War II, and was an important
step in the promotion of friendly bilateral
relations between Japan and South Korea. While in
South Korea, the couple toured the country
extensively, met with President Kim Dae-jung and
ordinary South Koreans, and he visited the
facilities for the physically disabled in South
Korea that the Princess Masako Nashimoto had
sponsored. Prince Takamado died of ventricular
fibrillation while playing squash with the
Canadian ambassador, Robert G. Wright, at the
Canadian Embassy, leaving a widow and three young
daughters on 21 November 2002 at the age of 47.
Since the Prince's death, Princess Takamado has
been extremely active in a very large number of
charitable organizations involving sports,
cultural exchange and the environment, taking on
all of the posts formerly held by her late
husband, as well as numerous new posts. Since
November 2002, the princess has served as the
Honorary President of the Prince Takamado Trophy,
All Japan-Middle School English Oratorical
Contest. In June 2003, she visited Dublin,
Republic of Ireland for the 2003 Special Olympics
World Summer Games. In June 2004, she made an
official visit to Canada, traveling extensively
across the nation as part of the 75th Anniversary
of the formal diplomatic relations between Canada
and Japan. During this visit, she received two
honorary doctorates in Law, one from the
University of Alberta and the other from the
University of Prince Edward Island. In March 2004,
the Princess was elected to succeed Queen Noor of
Jordan as honorary president of BirdLife
International. In November 2004, she visited
Bangkok, Thailand, to attend the 3rd IUCN World
Conference as honorary president of BirdLife
International. She visited Montevideo, Uruguay in
2008, and Buenos Aires, Argentina for the Birdlife
World Conservation Conference. During this visit,
she attended special high goal polo exhibition
played by the Novillo Astrada brothers in her
honor at the La Aguada Polo Club. In June 2005,
she visited Germany to attend the 2005 FIFA
Confederations Cup, attending matches between
Germany against Argentina, and Japan against
Brazil. Afterwards, she visited Jordan to attend
the royal wedding of Princess Badiya bint El
Hassan. In November of the same year, returned to
England for the Global Council Meeting of BirdLife
International. In January 2006, she returned to
Canada to attend the opening of the "Prince
Takamado Gallery of Japan" at the Royal Ontario
Museum. She also returned to Germany later that
year in order to attend the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
In June 2013, she visited Sweden to attend the
Wedding of Princess Madeleine and Christopher
O'Neill. In July 2017, she visited Dublin,
Republic of Ireland to celebrate the 60th
anniversary of modern Ireland–Japan relations. In
August 2019, she visited Edmonton, Canada to
celebrate the 90th anniversary of diplomatic
relations between Japan and Canada. In November
2022, she visited Qatar to watch 2022 FIFA World
Cup. In May–June 2023, she visited Jordan with her
eldest daughter, Princess Tsuguko to attend the
Wedding of Hussein, Crown Prince of Jordan, and
Rajwa Al Saif.   == Health == In March 2020,
Princess Takamado underwent surgery for acute
appendicitis at the University of Tokyo Hospital.
On 17 March, she was discharged after checking and
verifying that the operation had gone well. In
November 2022, it was announced that Princess
Takamado had tested positive for COVID-19 and
would be convalescing at her residence. Her
symptoms included fever and sore throat.   ==
Bibliography == The Princess is the author of two
children's books published in English; Katie and
the Dream-Eater (OUP, 1996) and Lulie the Iceberg
(OUP, 1998).   == Titles and styles ==  Since her
marriage, Hisako is styled as Her Imperial
Highness The Princess Takamado.   == Honours ==
=== National honours ===  Japan: Grand Cordon of
the Order of the Precious Crown (6 December 1984)
Japan: Dame of the Decoration of the Red Cross
Japan: Recipient of the Red Cross Medal   ===
Foreign honours ===  Portugal : Grand Cross of the
Order of Prince Henry (2 December 1993)  Spain :
Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the
Catholic (8 November 2008)  Sweden : Recipient of
the 70th Birthday Badge Medal of King Carl XVI
Gustaf (30 April 2016)   === Honorary degrees ===
Honorary degree in Law (University of Alberta,
2004) Honorary degree in Law (University of Prince
Edward Island, 2004) Honorary degree in Education
(Hannam University, 2014) Honorary degree (Josai
University, 2015)   === Honorary positions ===
Patron of the Federation of Japan Amateur
Orchestras Corp Honorary President of the Ikebana
International Honorary President of the Amateur
Rubberball Baseball Association of Japan Honorary
President of the Japan Fencing Federation Honorary
President of the Marine Rescue Japan Honorary
President of the Japan Hockey Association Honorary
Patron of the Japan Football Association Honorary
President of the Japan Spanish Society Honorary
Patron of Center for Promotion of Folk-Performing
Arts Honorary President of the Inamori Foundation
Honorary President of the Japan Sailing Federation
Honorary Patron of the Japan National Student
Association Fund Honorary Patron of the Asiatic
Society of Japan Honorary Patron of Les Amies de
Langue Française Honorary Governorship of the
Japan-Egypt Association Honorary President of
BirdLife International Honorary President of the
International Kyudo Federation Honorary President
of the Prince Takamado Memorial Foundation for
Japan-Korea Exchange Honorary Chairman of the
International Education Center Supporter
Association Honorary Patron of Ninnakai (Ninnaji
Temple, Kyoto) Honorary Patron of Chuguji Hosankai
(Chuguji Temple, Nara) Honorary Patron of The AED
Foundation of Japan Honorary Patron of Japan Heart
Foundation Honorary President of Japan Sea Cadet
Federation Honorary President of the Japan
Volleyball Association Honorary Patron of the
Rifle Association Foundation of Japan Honorary
Patron of the Japan Handball Association Honorary
Patron of the Mamasan Volleyball Federation Nippon
Honorary Chairman of the International Education
Center Supporter Association Honorary Vice-
President of the Japanese Red Cross Society
Honorary Patron for Asia, Bird life
International's Rare Bird Club Guest Professor of
Osaka University of Arts   == Issue ==   ==
References ==   == External links ==  Her Imperial
Highness Princess Takamado and her family at the
Imperial Household Agency website EXPO 2005 Canada
| Princess Takamado Visit
The AS Val "Shaft" (Russian: АС «Вал»; Автома́т
Специа́льный, romanized: Avtomát Spetsiálny "Val",
lit. 'Special Automatic') and VSS Vintorez "Thread
Cutter" (Russian: ВСС «Винторе́з» Винто́вка
Сна́йперская Специа́льная, romanized: Vintóvka
Snáyperskaya Spetsiálnaya "Vintorez", lit.
'Special "Sniper" Rifle'), 6P30 and 6P29 (GRAU
designation) respectively, were a Soviet-designed
assault rifle featuring an integral suppressor
based on the prototype RG-036 completed in 1981 by
TsNIITochMash. The two rifles hereafter are
referred to as the Vintorez and Val. The Vintorez
(beginning in 1983) and Val (beginning in 1985)
were developed by TsNIITochMash to replace
modified general-purpose firearms, such as the
AKS-74UB, BS-1, APB, and PB, for clandestine
operations, much like the PSS Vul. Manufacturing
began at the Tula Arms Plant after its adoption by
the Armed Forces of the Soviet Union in 1987. The
ASM (6P30M) and VSSM (6P29M) are modernized
variants of the AS and VSS respectively The VSSM
is equipped with an aluminium buttstock with an
adjustable cheek and butt pad and a new 30-round
magazine was introduced to be intended for use
with the ASM. Both rifles are also outfitted with
a Picatinny rail on the top of the dust cover and
on the sides and bottom of the suppressor, forward
of the handguard. The mounts which shroud the
suppressor can be removed. Deliveries began in
2018.   == Development == The AS Val can trace its
origins back to the 1960 U-2 incident, where the
Soviets captured US Air Force pilot Gary Powers
alongside his equipment, including a suppressed
pistol, which impressed them enough to issue a
requirement for similar Soviet weapon. The
captured pistol was examined by the TsNIITochMash
at Klimovsk by a team of designers that included
G. Petropavlov, Yu Krulov, V. Sabelinikov, A.
Neougodev, A. Deryagin, A. Khinikadze, I.
Kas'yanov, P. Serdyukov, V. Petrov, and V.
Levchenko. They pioneered the development of
suppressed weapons and specialized ammunition in
Russia. With increasing tensions between the West
and the Soviet Union during the late 1970s and
1980s, and both the United States and the USSR
locked in a war between proxies, the KGB and GRU
ordered the development of small arms suitable for
covert operations around the world and in 1981,
weapon designers P. I. Serdyukov and V. F.
Krasnikov of TsNIITochMash began working on a
combination of a new suppressed rifle and subsonic
cartridge. Development of the VSS Vintorez was
carried out in parallel with the AS Val, to
provide a suppressed sniper rifle for Spetsnaz
undercover or clandestine units and capable of
defeating NATO body armour at ranges up to 400 m
(440 yd) with little noise as possible.   ==
Design ==  The AS Val uses a modified Kalashnikov
action - a gas-operated rotating bolt combined
with an integral suppressor and chambered for the
9×39mm SP-6 cartridge firing a heavy 250 grain
bullet at subsonic speed. The suppressor makes use
of the dual-chamber principle: the propellant
gases are vented through specially designed
perforations along the barrel into the first
chamber, where the hot gases cool down and lose
pressure before passing through the second chamber
via a series of mesh screens which break the gas
stream even further before leaving the barrel. The
resulting sound signature is significantly lower
than an unsuppressed rifle, and even from a short
distance it cannot be recognized as the discharge
of a rifle. The VSS Vintorez suppressor and
operating systems are exactly the same as the AS
Val, but optimised to fire the 9×39mm SP-5
subsonic cartridge with a hardened steel or
tungsten tip to defeat body armour. The AS Val
uses a 20-round detachable box magazine, while the
VSS Vintorez uses a 10-round, though they are
interchangeable. They can also accept the SR-3
Vikhr magazines and vice versa. The magazines have
a series of horizontal indentations to provide
tactile identification and prevent confusion with
Kalashnikov-pattern magazines. The indentations
also provide rigidity to the magazine walls. The
VSS Vintorez can be broken down for transport in a
special aluminum briefcase for clandestine
operations. A PSO-1-1 (1P43) telescopic sight, a
NPSU-3 night sight with a 3.46X magnification, and
two magazines are included in the briefcase. The
AS Val can mount the PSO-1 telescopic sight of the
SVD rifle, or the 1PN52-1 night sight. Iron sights
are also provided to both rifles. According to
Janes, the VSS telescopic sight has a length of
375 mm (14.8 in) and weights 580 g (20 oz), while
the night sight has a length of 340 mm (13 in) and
weights 2.1 kg (4.6 lb). Both guns are selective
fire designs. While the Vintorez is normally used
in single-fire mode wih 10-round magazines, it is
capable of firing short bursts of automatic fire
and use the 20-round magazine from the Val in
cases of emergency. The full auto fire option of
the Vintorez can also be used for ambushes or
attacks against soft-skinned vehicles such as
trucks.   == Operational history == Both the AS
Val and VSS Vintorez were issued to Soviet troops
since the late 1980s. They were used during the
First Chechen War in 1994 and the Second Chechen
War in 1999, though they remained relatively
osbcure amongst Western intelligence agencies and
similar organizations until the Russians deployed
troops to South Ossetia during the Russo-Georgian
War in 2008. During the conflict, both Russian and
Georgian forces used the VSS Vintorez. They were
also seen in use by Russian Spetsnaz during the
Russo-Ukrainian War.   The VSS Vintorez was used
in small numbers by the Security Service of
Ukraine's Alpha Group, which was protecting the
Ukrainian embassy in Iraq in the 2000s. By 2014,
it was no longer in use by any security forces in
Ukraine. According to Militarnyi, the VSS was
retired from service due to the lack of ammo.
However, during the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
significant numbers of AS Val and VSS Vintorez
rifles were captured from Russian forces.   ==
Users ==   === Current ===  Armenia: A small
number of weapons were received from Russia among
other arms before 2014.  Belarus: Used by various
special forces  Cuba: Used by the Mobile Brigade
of Special Troops  Georgia: Used by army and
police special forces, some configured with
Aimpoint and Kobra red dot sights  India: Used by
MARCOS  Russia: Used by Special forces, Federal
Security Service (FSB) and OMON  Ukraine   ===
Former ===  Chechen Republic of Ichkeria  Soviet
Union   == Gallery ==
== See also == AMB-17 OTs-14 Groza   == References
==   == Bibliography ==
Cheeke is a surname. Notable people with the
surname include:  Alfred Cheeke (1810–1876), judge
of the Supreme Court of New South Wales Robert
Cheeke (born 1980), American bodybuilder,
motivational speaker, and author Stephen Cheeke
(born 1967), British author and senior lecturer
Jorge Arreola Barraza  born in (Ciudad Juárez,
Chihuahua, 1985) is  a Mexican photographer,
conceptual, and performance artist. He is best
known for his urban documentary photography of his
hometown Ciudad Juarez, Mexico. He exhibits
worldwide.   == References ==
Biscotasing (or Biscotassing), often referred to
as simply Bisco, is a community in the Unorganized
North Part of Sudbury District in Northeastern
Ontario, Canada. It was founded on the shores of
Lake Biscotasi on the Spanish River in 1884 by
Canadian Pacific Railway as a railway construction
town, and the first divisional point west of
Sudbury. The rails of westward track laying gangs
reached this area in October 1884. Biscotasing is
an access point for canoeists, fishermen, and
back-country campers to the area including
Biscotasi Lake Provincial Park. It has one general
store that functions as the post office, tackle
shop, grocery store and Liquor Control Board of
Ontario (LCBO) outlet; a community centre; a
church; and the one-room Biscotasing railway
station served by Via Rail. The town also is
accessible by floatplane and by a long drive on
the Sultan Industrial Road. Although the year-
round population is only 22, during the summer
season, the population swells to around 300,
mostly tourists.   == History == The early
development of Biscotasing was dictated solely by
the needs of the railway. The CPR acquired a
470-acre (190 ha) parcel of land at Biscotasing in
1884 and by November had cleared 30 acres (12 ha).
A frame station the size of 30 × 35 feet (11 m),
was constructed, with offices upstairs, a large
freight shed 40 × 140 feet (43 m), a telegraph
office, several residences for company officials
and a number of boarding houses were completed
before the end of that year. A wye track had also
been installed to allow work trains to turn around
prior to returning to the east. Later a roundhouse
was built to service the locomotives. On April 1,
1885, the first soldiers on their way to the
North-West Rebellion passed through Biscotasing.
In 1887, the Hudson's Bay Company opened a supply
depot on leased land of the Canadian Pacific
Railway near its station. The following year, it
became a fur trade outpost for Whitefish Lake and
Sudbury. As a divisional point, Biscotasing did
not last much beyond the era of construction, as
Chapleau, about midway between Sudbury and Lake
Superior, was selected to replace it. Soon after,
the town lost its importance as a railroad town
but by 1890, the HBC outpost became a full trading
post, and two years later, Biscotasing was made
the headquarters of the HBC's Lake Huron District
as a part of wider district reorganizations. The
railway provided an inland access point to
waterways flowing south to Lake Huron and north to
James Bay, and the town subsequently developed as
a centre for Indian trade in the region. After the
Lake Huron District was amalgamated with the
Temiscamingue District in 1900, the HBC post began
operating as a saleshop, but the following year,
Biscotasing was once again district headquarters
and a new store was built. The local water routes
also helped to develop Biscotasing as a major
centre for lumbering. In 1884, Public Lands
Surveyor James Allan noted that timber in the area
had been overrun by fires and was of very little
value, consisting mostly of scrubby spruce and
small pitch pine. The same year a sawmill was in
operation at Biscotasing, mostly to serve the
requirements of CPR construction. The first
permanent sawmill was established by Sadler and
O'Neil in the early 1890s. Robert Booth and
Patrick Shannon, were also actively logging this
region from 1895. Booth and Shannon produced
square timber, which was taken by CPR to
Papineauville for export to Britain, from the Port
of Quebec in Quebec. By 1903 Booth and Shannon
were the only lumber producers in Biscotasing,
possibly having taken over and expanding the
O'Neil mill which closed in 1898. In 1913, the
original Booth and Shannon mill was destroyed by
fire, as well as the HBC post. The mill and post
were subsequently rebuilt. At that time Robert
Booth left the partnership, with Patrick's son,
the firm was reorganized as P. & G. Shannon. In
1923 the mill was sold to Midland lumbermen Pratt
and Shanacy. The mill closed in 1927 for lack of
timber. The mill was dismantled and removed by
1938. On February 11, 1927, the HBC post again
burned down, but was not rebuilt and HBC ceased
operations at Biscotasing. Many of the old
buildings in Biscotasing that survive today are
from the sawmill era. A small steam locomotive,
once used to switch cars of lumber from the mill
to the lumber piling grounds, sat for many years,
derelict on the mill property, across the tracks,
opposite the Pratt and Shanacy company store. In
1958, David L. Pratt, of Toronto donated his
father's steam engine for display at the Algonquin
Provincial Park Logging Museum. From railway
construction camp, to fur trade depot and
lumbering centre, in 1922 Biscotasing became the
first place in Northern Ontario to use aircraft
(Curtiss NC) for forest fire surveillance.   ==
See also ==  List of unincorporated communities in
Ontario   == References ==
Artem (or Artyom) Sergeyevich Dzyuba (Russian:
Артём Сергеевич Дзюба, pronounced [ɐˈrtʲɵm
sʲɪrˈɡʲe(j)ɪvʲɪdʑ ˈdzʲubə]; born 22 August 1988)
is a Russian professional footballer who plays as
a striker for Russian Premier League club Akron
Tolyatti. He began his career with Spartak Moscow,
debuting in 2006 and making 166 appearances and
scoring 38 goals. He also had two loans each at
Tom Tomsk and Rostov, winning the 2013–14 Russian
Cup with the latter. In 2015, he joined Zenit,
winning 10 trophies with the club, including four
Russian Premier League titles. He is the record
holder for most goals scored in the Russian
Premier League with 166. He is also the record
holder for most goals scored by a Russian player
for club and country with 237. Dzyuba made his
senior international debut for Russia in 2011. He
represented the nation at UEFA Euro 2016, the 2018
FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2020 and is the
country's top scorer with 31 goals.   == Club
career == Dzyuba was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR,
Soviet Union, on 22 August 1988. His father,
Sergey, is from Poltava Oblast, Ukraine and worked
as a policeman, while his mother, Svetlana, is
from Tsivilsk, Chuvashia and worked at a grocery
store in Moscow, where she met his father. He
attended Spartak Moscow's football school and
started playing for the team's reserves in 2005.
In 2006, he first played for the first team in a
Russian Cup match against FC Ural, replacing Roman
Pavlyuchenko in the 85th minute. He had his first
substitute appearance in the Russian Premier
League in the 12th round against Saturn Moscow. He
had 7 substitute appearances in that season, but
did not score. On 7 August 2009, Tom Tomsk signed
the striker on loan until December 2009. In the
2013–14 Russian Premier League, Dzyuba scored 17
goals while loaned to Rostov.   === Zenit === In
2015, he was signed for Zenit Saint Petersburg by
André Villas-Boas. In the 2015–16 UEFA Champions
League, Dzyuba managed to score a total of six
goals in five consecutive matches. On 31 January
2018, he joined Arsenal Tula on loan for the
remainder of the 2017–18 season. He became the
joint top scorer of the 2019–20 Russian Premier
League with 17 goals, tied with his teammate
Sardar Azmoun. That season he also provide the
most assists for a second season in a row. On 25
July 2020, he scored a late penalty to hand Zenit
the 2019–20 Russian Cup. On 7 August 2020, he
scored the first goal in a 2–1 victory over
Lokomotiv Moscow to win the 2020 Russian Super
Cup. On 2 May 2021, he scored twice as Zenit
secured their third title in a row in a 6–1
victory over second-place FC Lokomotiv Moscow. On
the last match day of the 2020–21 league season on
16 May 2021, he scored 4 goals against FC Tambov,
bringing his total to 20 and overtaking his
teammate Sardar Azmoun (who had 19 goals) as the
top goal scorer. On 16 October 2021 in a game
against FC Arsenal Tula he scored his 100th goal
for Zenit. On 29 October 2021 in a game against FC
Dynamo Moscow, he scored his 144th goal in the
Russian Premier League, becoming the league's
record holder for the number of goals scored. On
22 May 2022, Zenit announced that Dzyuba would
leave the club when his contract expired in July.
In July 2022, Dzyuba began training with FC Rubin
Kazan to maintain fitness. Dzyuba ultimately
refused a contract offer from the club.   ===
Adana Demirspor === On 18 August 2022, Turkish
Süper Lig team Adana Demirspor announced the
signing of Artem Dzyuba. His contract was annulled
on 3 November 2022.   === Lokomotiv Moscow === On
8 February 2023, Artem Dzyuba signed a contract
with Lokomotiv Moscow until the end of the 2022–23
season. On the same day, Lokomotiv signed Igor
Smolnikov, who at that point played over 100 games
as Dzyuba's teammate at Zenit and the national
team. In his league debut for Lokomotiv on 4 March
2023, he scored a hat-trick in a 3–1 away victory
over FC Rostov. On 25 May 2023, Dzyuba extended
his contract with Lokomotiv for the 2023–24
season, with an option for 2024–25. On 29 May
2024, Lokomotiv announced that Dzyuba left the
club as his contract expired.   === Akron Tolyatti
=== On 12 September 2024, Dzyuba signed a contract
for the 2024–25 season with Russian Premier League
newcomers Akron Tolyatti. On 7 December 2024,
Dzyuba scored the winning goal in Akron's away 2–1
victory over his former club and the defending
champions, Zenit St. Petersburg. On 9 March 2025,
Dzyuba scored his 234th career goal for club and
country, setting a record for most goals by a
Russian player, overtaking Aleksandr Kerzhakov.
== International career == Dzyuba was a part of
the Russia U21 side that was competing in the 2011
European Under-21 Championship qualification. He
made his national team debut on 11 November 2011
in a friendly against Greece. He was called up to
the provisional squad for UEFA Euro 2012. He was
not included on the finalized squad that Dick
Advocaat chose for the competition. After the 2014
World Cup, which Dzyuba also missed with Fabio
Capello preferring Aleksandr Kokorin and Aleksandr
Kerzhakov instead, he started to be called up
regularly during the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying. He
scored his first goal against Liechtenstein on 8
September 2014, his side's final goal in a 4–0
rout of the minnows at the Arena Khimki. Exactly a
year later, he scored four goals in a 7–0 win over
the same opponents in the reverse fixture; he
ended the campaign as Russia's top goalscorer with
eight goals as they qualified for UEFA Euro 2016.
On 11 May 2018, he was included in Russia's
extended 2018 FIFA World Cup squad, and on 3 June,
he was included in the final edition. He came on
as a substitute in the opening game on 14 June and
scored the third goal of a 5–0 win over Saudi
Arabia. He continued his impressive performance by
scoring a goal in the second match that Russia
beat Egypt 3–1, sending Russia to the knockout
stage for the first time. In the match against
Spain in the Round of 16 on 1 July, he converted a
penalty minutes before half-time, making the score
1–1. Dzyuba was then substituted in the second
half and Russia eventually won the game 4–3 on
penalties. After the retirement of Sergei
Ignashevich and Igor Akinfeev from the national
team, Dzyuba became the team's captain. On 9 June
2019, he scored four goals in a UEFA Euro 2020
qualifying match against San Marino which ended in
a 9–0 home rout, with Russia recording their
biggest ever win while he took his international
tally up to 20 goals. On 10 October, he scored his
23rd international goal, overhauling fellow Roman
Pavlyuchenko in the tally. On 8 November 2020,
Dzyuba was dropped from the national team ahead of
the Nations League matches against Moldova,
Turkey, and Serbia, after an explicit video
depicting him masturbating leaked and went viral.
On 11 May 2021, he was included in the preliminary
extended 30-man squad for UEFA Euro 2020. On 2
June 2021, he was included in the final squad. He
played the full match in Russia's opening game
against Belgium on 12 June 2021 as Russia lost
3–0. He played 83 minutes in Russia's second game
against Finland on 16 June 2021 as Russia won 1–0,
and assisted on Aleksei Miranchuk's winning goal.
On 21 June, he played all 90 minutes of Russia's
final game against Denmark, scoring Russia's only
goal from a penalty kick. They lost 4–1, and
Russia were eliminated from the competition.
However, with that goal against Denmark, he
equaled Aleksandr Kerzhakov's record of 30 goals
as all-time top scorer of the national team. After
a four year break, Dzyuba was called up to the
national team for friendlies against Grenada and
Zambia in March 2025. He scored his 31st
international goal against Grenada, overtaking
Kerzhakov on the all-time national team goalscorer
list.   == Personal life == Dzyuba has three sons
with his wife Kristina. On 2 March 2022, Dzyuba
and several other Russian players were tagged in
an Instagram video by Ukrainian footballer Andriy
Yarmolenko who criticized them for being silent
during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In the
video, Yarmolenko said "I know that some of you
like to show your balls on camera but now it is
time for you to show your balls in real life",
referring to Dzyuba's viral sex tape.  Dzyuba
subsequently wrote an Instagram post stating that
he is proud of his country. He refused to condemn
Russia's actions in Ukraine and maintained that
the people of Russia are victims of double
standards and racial discrimination. In March
2023, Dzyuba was added to Myrotvorets' list of
people who are considered, by the authors of the
website, to be "enemies of Ukraine".   == Career
statistics ==   === Club === As of match played 13
April 2025   === International === As of match
played 19 March 2025  Scores and results list
Russia's goal tally first.   == Honours == Rostov
Russian Cup: 2013–14 Zenit Saint Petersburg
Russian Premier League: 2018–19, 2019–20, 2020–21,
2021–22 Russian Cup: 2015–16, 2019–20 Russian
Super Cup: 2015, 2016, 2020, 2021 Individual
Spartak Small Golden Boar Award: 2006 Russian
Premier League Player of the Month: July 2013,
August 2014, July 2015, August 2018, April 2019,
September 2021, March 2023 Russian Premier League
Goal of the Month: April 2023 FC Rostov Fans'
Player of the Year: 2013–14 Futbol Footballer of
the Year: 2018 RFU Footballer of the Year: 2018–19
Sport-Express Footballer of the Year: 2018–19
Russian Premier League Forward of the Season:
2018–19, 2020–21 RB Awards – Sportsman of the Year
2020 Russian Premier League Top scorer: 2019–20
(17 goals), 2020–21 (20 goals) Russian Premier
League Top assist provider: 2018–19, 2019–20 Best
scorer in the Russian Premier League history.   ==
References ==   == External links ==  Artem Dzyuba
at Russian Premier League Personal page in
Odnoklassniki
2014 AF5 (also written 2014 AF5) is an Apollo
near-Earth asteroid roughly 5–10 meters in
diameter that passed less than 1 lunar distance
from Earth on 1 January 2014.   == Description ==
From mid November 2013 until 1 January 2014 15:00
UT the small dim asteroid had an elongation less
than 45 degrees from the Sun with an undetectable
apparent magnitude of around 30. While less than
18 degrees from the Sun any dim asteroid can be
lost in astronomical twilight. On 1 January 2014
10:00 UT the asteroid passed 0.00062 AU (93,000
km; 58,000 mi) from the Moon and at 16:13 UT
passed 0.00064 AU (96,000 km; 59,000 mi) from
Earth. The asteroid was then discovered on 2
January 2014 by the Catalina Sky Survey at an
apparent magnitude of 18.9 using a 0.68-meter (27
in) Schmidt–Cassegrain telescope. By 3 January
2014 the asteroid was becoming dimmer than
apparent magnitude 20.   == See also == List of
asteroid close approaches to Earth in 2014   ==
References ==   == External links == 2014 AF5 at
NeoDyS-2, Near Earth Objects—Dynamic Site
Ephemerides · Observation prediction · Orbital
info · MOID · Proper elements · Observational info
· Close approaches · Physical info · Orbit
animation 2014 AF5 at ESA–space situational
awareness Ephemerides · Observations · Orbit ·
Physical properties · Summary 2014 AF5 at the JPL
Small-Body Database
McDull, Prince de la Bun (Chinese: 麥兜菠蘿油王子,
literal title: McDull, the prince of the Pineapple
bun with butter) is a 2004 Hong Kong animated
comedy-drama film directed by Toe Yuen and
starring the voices of Andy Lau, Sandra Ng and
Anthony Wong. Telling the story of the life of the
fictional pig McDull, it is a sequel to My Life as
McDull (2001) and it was followed by McDull, the
Alumni (2006). There is significant word play in
the film, some of it based on the "pineapple bun".
For example, in slang Cantonese, a "bor lo goi"
("pineapple cap") is a colloquialism for kneecap.
The Pancakes, who composed the film's theme song
gum gum gum (Cantonese: 咁咁咁, literally "this,
this, this"), was awarded Best Original Film Song
in the 24th Hong Kong Film Awards.   == Cast ==
== External links == McDull, Prince de la Bun at
IMDb
The Crossing: How George Washington Saved the
American Revolution is a 2010 Children's history
book by Jim Murphy. It describes the first couple
of years of the American Revolutionary War
concentrating on George Washington and his pivotal
role in the conflict.   == Reception == A starred
review of The Crossing by Booklist found "Murphy
offers a refreshingly frank, vivid, well-
researched account of a pivotal time in American
history." and Library Media Connection wrote "This
latest work is complete with rich detail and
honest appraisal of the main characters. .. Murphy
has written an excellent companion to any study of
the American Revolution." School Library Journal
called it "A first purchase, even if your American
Revolution shelves are packed." The Washington
Post wrote "As in Murphy's previous books about
war, the roles of luck, weather and leadership are
well conveyed, along with the dramatic particulars
of pivotal battles." and the New York Journal of
Books stated "Overall, a great historical read of
one of our nations great men." It has also been
reviewed by Kirkus Reviews and Publishers Weekly.
== See also ==  George Washington in the American
Revolution Washington Crossing the Delaware   ==
References ==
The Yangtze plate, also called the South China
block or the South China subplate, comprises the
bulk of southern China. It is separated on the
east from the Okinawa plate by a rift that forms
the Okinawa Trough which is a back-arc basin, on
the south by the Sunda plate and the Philippine
Sea plate, and on the north and west by the
Eurasian plate. The Longmenshan Fault on the
latter border was the site of the 2008 Wenchuan
earthquake. The Yangtze plate was formed by the
disaggregation of the Rodinia supercontinent 750
million years ago, in the Neoproterozoic era.
South China rifted away from the Gondwana
supercontinent in the Silurian.  During the
formation of the great supercontinent Pangaea,
South China was a smaller, separate continent
located off the east coast of the supercontinent
and drifting northward.  In the Triassic, the
Yangtze plate collided with the North China plate,
thereby connecting with Pangaea, and formed the
Sichuan basin. In the Cenozoic, the Yangtze plate
was influenced by the collision of the Indian
plate and Eurasian plate creating the uplifting of
the Longmen Mountains. Its southward motion is
accommodated along the Red River fault.   ==
References ==  Sources
Nuvein Magazine was an online magazine about
fiction, poetry, and essays in existence from 1996
to 2004. It was started by Enrique D. Diaz while
on board the U.S.S. New Jersey (BB-62) in 1982.
The publication was a collection of photocopied
articles and short stories written by Enrique and
fellow sailors.   == History and profile == In
1996, Nuvein Magazine made its debut on the web.
The magazine was originally published in photocopy
format and distributed individually. This was the
case up to issue 22, published for Fall 2004 when
the editorial board behind the magazine ceased
operations.  In its time, Nuvein Magazine was
available online and was also printed in anthology
format, and was one of the older online magazines
in continuous existence. The writers included in
the magazine came from different parts of the
world. They are representative of both genders,
and also of cultural and ethnic diversity. Nuvein
Magazine also includes voices from the community,
ranging from entertainment to educational intent.
The magazine was well received, and its publisher,
Enrique Diaz, was encouraged to organize a non-
profit arts organization, a foundation (Nuvein
Foundation for Literature and the Arts) in order
to expose young people to literature and the arts
in the San Gabriel Valley Region and communities
of Southern California. In 2007, Nuvein became a
501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, with the help of
the community and business leaders from various
San Gabriel Valley cities, and established its
home in El Monte, California.  The flagship of
this endeavor was the Nuvein Presents series where
performers (poets, writers, musicians, comedians,
dancers, and others) perform for the community to
contribute to their cultural and artistic aims.
The Nuvein Foundation also began to raise funds in
order to provide scholarships to students
interested in a career in literature and the arts,
which it continues to do to this day. Nuvein
continues to offer various community events and
programs for the communities across the San
Gabriel Valley. The El Monte/South El Monte
Chamber of Commerce Educational Committee joined
Nuvein Foundation as co-sponsors of Nuvein
Presents. Nuvein Magazine's publisher was Enrique
D. Diaz. The editor was Anh Lottman. The Nuvein
Foundation board of directors originally included
the following: Jeffrey Bickel, UCLA Film and
Television Archive; Juan Nunez, Valley Vista
Services; Roberta Lujan, Golfland South El Monte;
Miguel Sankitts, Mavrec Global; Renato Aguirre,
IDM; Ryan Storms, Sk8Life Clothing; Jody Bush, El
Monte/South El Monte Chamber of Commerce, Enrique
D. Diaz, and Anh Lottman.   == References ==   ==
External links == Official site Nuvein Foundation
The Abduction of Figaro is a comic opera in three
acts, described as "A Simply Grand Opera by P. D.
Q. Bach", by Peter Schickele. It is a parody of
opera in general, and the title is a play on two
operas by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart: The Abduction
from the Seraglio, K. 384, and The Marriage of
Figaro, K. 492. Those two operas, as well as Così
fan tutte and Don Giovanni, and Gilbert and
Sullivan's The Pirates of Penzance are among the
core inspirations for the piece. The Abduction of
Figaro is numbered S. 384, 492 in Schickele's
catalogue of works. Schickele was commissioned to
"discover" this opera by the Minnesota Opera,
where the piece premiered on April 27 and 28,
1984. In addition to parodying Mozart, the music
incorporates diverse influences and musical
quotes, from traditional camp songs like "Found a
Peanut" to popular songs like "Macho Man" by the
Village People. The opera has been released on VHS
and DVD.   == Roles ==  Several characters' names
and roles closely resemble those of characters in
Mozart operas:  Al Donfonso (doctor): Don Alfonso,