WEKC (710 AM) was a radio station which last
broadcast a gospel music format in Williamsburg,
Kentucky, United States. The station broadcast
during daytime hours only, because it shared the
same frequency as "clear channel" station WOR in
New York City. WEKC was last owned by Gerald
Parks.   == History == The Williamsburg
Broadcasting Corporation was granted a
construction permit for a new 250-watt radio
station on 710 kHz on May 5, 1981. The last
licensee, Gerald Parks, failed to renew it in
2020, causing the station to be deleted on August
3 of that year. The call letters were then adopted
by the repeater of WEKU in Corbin.   == References
==   == External links == Facility details for
Facility ID 72790 (WEKC) in the FCC Licensing and
Management System FCC History Cards for WEKC
(covering 1980-1981)
The 2009 Warsaw Open was a women's tennis
tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was
the 13th edition of the Warsaw Open, part of the
Premier-level tournaments of the 2009 WTA Tour. It
took place at the Legia Tennis Centre in Warsaw,
Poland, from 18 May until 23 May 2009. Unseeded
Alexandra Dulgheru, who entered the main draw as a
qualifier, won the singles title.   == Finals ==
=== Singles ===   Alexandra Dulgheru defeated
Alona Bondarenko, 7–6(7–3), 3–6, 6–0  It was
Dulgheru's first career title.   === Doubles ===
Raquel Kops-Jones /  Bethanie Mattek-Sands
defeated   Yan Zi /   Zheng Jie, 6–1, 6–1   ==
Entrants ==   === Seeds ===  Seedings are based on
the rankings of May 11, 2009. Agnieszka Radwańska
withdrew due to a back injury, so Tsvetana
Pironkova became the No. 9 seed.   === Other
entrants === The following players received
wildcards into the main draw:   Daniela Hantuchová
Maria Sharapova  Katarzyna Piter The following
players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Ioana Raluca Olaru  Ágnes Szatmári  Alexandra
Dulgheru  Gréta Arn The following players received
entry as lucky losers:   Darya Kustova  Lenka
Tvarošková   == External links == Official website
WTA tournament draws
Spinous cells, or prickle cells, are keratin
producing epidermal cells owing their prickly
appearance to their numerous intracellular
connections. They make up the stratum spinosum
(prickly layer) of the epidermis and provide a
continuous net-like layer of protection for
underlying tissue.  They are susceptible to
mutations caused by sunlight and can become
malignant.   == Location == Spinous cells are
found in the superficial layers of the skin. They
are found in the stratum spinosum (prickly layer,
spinosum layer), which lies above the stratum
basale (basal layer) and below the stratum
granulosum (granular layer) of the epidermis. The
spinous cells are arranged several layers thick to
form a net-like covering.   == Origin == Spinous
cells originate through mitosis in the basal layer
(also known as the germinative layer).  They are
pushed upward into the stratum spinosum by the
continuous formation of new cells in the basal
layer. They reach the outmost layer of the skin as
flattened dead flaking skin cells we shed daily.
The journey from origin to shed takes 25 to 45
days.   == Function == Spinous cells serve “as a
physical and biological barrier to the
environment, preventing penetration by irritants
and allergens and loss of water while maintaining
internal homeostasis. They accomplish this in two
ways.  First, they are keratinocytes (keratin
cells) whose primary function is to produce
keratin, a strong structural protein.  The keratin
accumulates within each spinous cell as it moves
upward through the epidermis layers, until the
cell is almost completely filled with hardening
keratin (keratinisation). Second, the cells are
bound together across their cytoplasm by keratin
filaments that form cell-to-cell connections
(desmosomes).   == Cancer == Squamous cell
carcinoma (prickle cell carcinoma) is relatively
common in people over age 60, with fair skin, and
a history of longer term sun exposure.  It is not
as commonly known as other skin cancers because it
is less likely to metastasize, but can be just as
deadly if left untreated.   == See also == Stratum
spinosum   == References ==
Cyril Leeder (born September 20, 1959) is a
Canadian businessman. He is the current president
of the Ottawa Senators professional ice hockey
team in the National Hockey League (NHL) and its
corporation, the Senators Sports & Entertainment
Corporation. Leeder is also a member of the Ottawa
Community Ice Partnership, which organizes the
annual Bell Capital Cup minor ice hockey
tournament.   == Personal information == Born in
Brockville, Ontario, Leeder graduated from
McMaster University in 1982. Upon graduation,
Leeder became a chartered accountant with
Clarkson, Gordon of Ottawa.    == Career == In
1984, Leeder joined Terrace Investments, becoming
president in 1987, and CEO from 1988 until
1992.Cyril Leeder was one of the principals, along
with Terrace Investments' Bruce Firestone and
Randy Sexton in the 'Bring Back the Senators'
campaign in 1989 and 1990, which culminated in the
NHL granting a franchise to the Terrace
Investments group and the return of the Ottawa
Senators to the NHL.  Leeder remained with the
organization after Firestone left in a change of
ownership, and after Sexton was fired from the
general manager's job. Leeder remained with the
organization in charge of the Palladium arena, now
known as the Canadian Tire Centre. Leeder is
credited with being the founder of the Bell
Capital Cup, an annual ice hockey tournament held
in Ottawa. Leeder was also responsible for the
Bell Sensplex project, an arena and practice
facility for the Senators.  On June 16, 2009,
Leeder was named team president, succeeding Roy
Mlakar. On January 25, 2017 Leeder was fired from
his position as President and CEO of the Senators
by owner Eugene Melnyk and was replaced by former
MLSE executive Tom Anselmi. On September 2023,
Leeder returned to his position after Michael
Andaluer purchased the team.   == Awards == 2012 -
Ottawa Sports Hall of Fame 2013 - Brockville and
Area Sports Hall of Fame   == References ==
The women's individual foil competition at the
2002 Asian Games in Busan was held on 30 September
at the Gangseo Gymnasium.   == Schedule == All
times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00)   ==
Results ==   === Preliminary pool ===   ===
Knockout round ===   == Final standing ==   ==
References == 2002 Asian Games Report, Page 408
== External links == Official website
The 2003 Iranian student protests was a series of
nationwide rallies and student protests in Iran
against president Mohammad Khatami and demanded
more liberal democratic reforms and justice over
the deaths in the Iran student protests, July
1999.  Massive protests and General strikes first
began on 12 June, when anti-government
demonstrators chanted slogans against president
Mohammad Khatami and his reign in power. The wave
of popular, chaotic demonstrations became the most
violent and most biggest since 1999. Protesters
had a clear demand, a more liberal democratic
government and fresh Elections to be held. Fresh
street protests culminated into violence as Riots
broke out in Tehran, Abadan and teachers also
started to rally. The student demonstrations
consisted of Lobbying, Looting and Picketing. Mass
protests strengthened and brewed, drawing
international attention, and protesters also
demanded Democracy, an end to Police brutality,
Unemployment and Poverty to be curbed, Free speech
and Free rights, Independent Media and free
student education. Protests continued daily,
triggering the Iran Revolutionary Guards to be
sent to disperse protesters. Protesters chanted
slogans and anti-corruption chants as marchers
clashed with police at peaceful demonstrations in
Mahshahr, where protest sites have been located,
as well as Qom. Police tackled the Civil
disobedience and nonviolent uprising by using Live
ammunition and Rubber bullets to disperse
protesters. The security forces managed to quell
the mass uprising using brutal tactics after more
demands was met in growing opposition street
demonstrations by teachers and workers to
president Mohammad Khatami. The protests first
began after new plans to privatise universities by
thousands of civilians and citizens, mainly young
people, then turned into sustained anti-government
rallies calling for the overthrow of the regime.
The anti-regime protests was the biggest since
1999, but protests was suppressed by the security
forces, their demands was suppressed.   == See
also == Iran student protests, July 1999 2009-2010
Iranian election protests   == References ==
Lieutenant George Clifton Peters (6 May 1894 –?)
was a World War I flying ace credited with seven
aerial victories.   == References ==
Božidarka Frajt (Serbian: Божидарка Грубљешић)
also spelled Frait; born 11 November 1940) is a
Croatian actress.  In her six decade long career,
she has composed a prolific repertoire in Croatian
television, film and theatre, but is best known
for her role in cinéma vérité-style 1972 film The
Living Truth, which earned her critical praise and
a Golden Arena Award for Best Actress. In 2010,
Frajt was awarded the Vladimir Nazor Award for
lifetime achievement.   == Early life == Božidarka
Frajt was born Božidarka Grublješić on 11 November
1940. Born to an ethnic Bosnian Serb family, her
exact birthplace is unknown due to the scarce
information of her childhood. It is believed she
was born in Velika Žuljevica under Kozara, and
that she was taken by Croatian Ustaše to a
concentration camp for Serbian kids in Sisak
during the Kozara Offensive in 1942 along with
thousands of other orphans. She was later adopted
by Croatian Jews Katarina and Stjepan Frajt. At
the age of 36, she found out about her Kozara
heritage when a woman named Dara Grublješić
identified her as her niece.   == Career == Frajt
made her acting debut in the 1959 Croatian-
language film Lakat kao takav, directed by Ante
Babaja. In 1963, Frajt interpreted the complex
character Vera in the Yugoslav political film
Licem u lice. The film directed by Branko Bauer
gained critical acclaim, winning a Big Golden
Arena Award for Best Film at the Pula Film
Festival and critical praise. Her debut as a
television actress came with the 1969 Sumorna
Jesen, as "The Good Fairy". The plot lines of most
of the episodes Frajt starred in were inspired by
the experiences of screenwriter Ivan Šibl in World
War II. In 1972, Frajt starred in the directorial
debut film of Tomislav Radić The Living Truth. Her
dynamic and dominant interpretation in the drama
provided a direct dichotomy to the depressing
nature of the film. Her performance instantly made
her one of the most prominent film actresses of
Yugoslavia, winning her a Golden Arena for Best
Actress and commercial success. In a 1999 poll
among 44 Croatian film consumers, The Living Truth
was placed 20th on the list of all-time best
Croatian films. Frajt had a major role in the 1977
Krešo Golik film Pucanj, sharing the protagonist
role with Serbian actor Marko Nikolić. In 1978,
she appeared as the middle-aged audio pedagogue
protagonist Ljubica in another Golik production
Ljubica. In 1981, Veljko Bulajić invited her to
play the principal character in the film High
Voltage, after her performance as Ljubica. In
1997, she voiced Grga (Melvin)'s mother in the
Croatian-language animated feature Lapitch the
Little Shoemaker. Frajt also dubbed Kala in the
official 2005 Croatian version of the 1999
animated film Tarzan, and in 2013, Helen Mirren's
character Dean Abigail Hardscrabble in the
Croatian dub of Monsters University. For her
services to Yugoslav film, she was awarded the
Vladimir Nazor Award in 2010.   == Personal life
== Frajt was married to Croatian producer Boris
Gregorić, with whom she had one child, Bojana, who
is a prominent Croatian actress. Frajt currently
lives in Zagreb.   == Selected filmography ==
=== Television ===   === Film ===   == References
==   == External links == Božidarka Frajt at IMDb
Marie-Laure de Lorenzi (born 21 January 1961, in
Biarritz) is a French professional golfer, also
known by her married name Marie-Laure Taya. She
won 19 tournaments in a span of eleven seasons on
the Ladies European Tour, putting her third, later
tied third, on the all-time list of number of wins
on the tour.   == Amateur career == De Lorenzi
played for her country in the European Lady
Junior's Team Championship, for players up to the
age of 21, from she was 14 years old in 1975 until
1982 and was on the winning team in 1979. She won
individually in 1981. She also represented her
country four times at the European Ladies' Team
Championship and four times at the Espirito Santo
Trophy.   == Professional career == De Lorenzi
joined the Ladies European Tour in 1987 and won
the Order of Merit in 1988 and 1989. In those two
years, when she led the rankings, she finished
first or second 17 times, when the tour schedules
included 46 individual tournaments over the two
seasons. That means that she finished first or
second in 37% of all scheduled tournaments over
two full seasons on the tour. She finished third,
after tying the lead after the third round, at the
1989 Women's British Open Championship, before it
was permanently co-sanctioned by the LPGA Tour in
1994 and regarded as a major championship by the
LPGA in 2001. The same year, de Lorenzi finished
tied 11h at the 1989 U.S. Women's Open at
Indianwood G&CC north of Detroit, Michigan, which
came to be her best finish in a major
championship.  She became a life time member of
the Ladies European Tour, having accumulated 19
tournament victories on it. As of 2024, she was
tied third with Trish Johnson, after Laura Davies
and Dale Reid, on the all-time list of number of
wins on the Ladies European Tour.  During her
career, de Lorenzi became, and as of 2024 still
was, record holder of most wins in a single
season, with seven wins in 1988. She also became
the record holder of most consecutive wins back-
to-back, with 3 wins in three consecutive
scheduled tournaments in 1989, when she lost in a
playoff in the fourth tournament.  She played for
Europe in the first Solheim Cup, which took place
in 1990, and was also a member of the European
team in 1996 and 1998. She was invited by captain
Micky Walker, to be reserve on site for the
European team at the 1994 Solheim Cup in late
October at The Greenbrier, West Virginia, United
States, but decided to decline, due to lost
confidence. However, de Lorenzi won the Spanish
Open three weeks ahead of the team match. She was
assistant captain of the European Solheim Cup team
in 2007. De Lorenzi announced her retirement from
tournament golf in 2004.   == Private life == She
competed using her married name Marie-Laure Taya
from 1986 until midway through 1989 when she
changed to  Marie-Laure de Lorenzi-Taya. After her
divorce  from former Spanish amateur champion
Roman Taya, she reverted to her maiden name in
1990. She has represented Paris International Golf
Club, but lived in Barcelona, Spain with her
daughter Laura and enjoyed tennis, jazz, antiques
and swimming.   == Amateur wins == 1976 French
International Lady Juniors Amateur Championship
1978 Spanish International Ladies Amateur
Championship, French International Lady Juniors
Amateur Championship 1980 Spanish International
Ladies Amateur Championship 1983 Spanish
International Ladies Amateur Championship, French
Ladies Close Amateur Championship Source:   ==
Professional wins (21) ==   === Ladies European
Tour wins (19) ===  Ladies European Tour playoff
record (3–4)   === Other wins (2) ===  ^ Mixed
pairs unofficial money event on the European Tour
and Ladies European Tour.   == Team appearances ==
Amateur  European Lady Junior's Team Championship
(representing France): 1975, 1978, 1979 (winners),
1980, 1981, 1982 European Ladies' Team
Championship (representing France): 1979, 1981,
1983, 1985 Vagliano Trophy (representing Continent
of Europe): 1979, 1985 Espirito Santo Trophy
(representing France): 1978, 1980, 1982, 1986
Professional  Solheim Cup (representing Europe):
1990, 1996, 1998 Sunrise Cup World Team
Championship (representing France): 1992 Praia
D'el Rey European Cup (representing Ladies
European Tour): 1999 (winners)   == See also ==
List of golfers with most Ladies European Tour
wins   == References ==   == External links ==
Marie-Laure de Lorenzi at the Ladies European Tour
official site Marie-Laure de Lorenzi at the
Golfdata official site (in Swedish)
Sterritt is a surname. Notable people with the
surname include:  Angela Sterritt, Canadian
journalist Coleen Sterritt (born 1953), American
artist David Sterritt (born 1944), American film
critic Lorraine Sterritt, Irish-American academic
administrator   == See also == Sterrett, surname
HaGashash HaHiver (Hebrew: הגשש החיוור, lit. The
Pale Tracker) was an iconic Israeli comedy trio.
It was also known as the Gashashim. Its three
members were Yeshayahu Levi ("Shaike"), Yisrael
Poliakov ("Poli") (deceased) and Gavriel "Gavri"
Banai.   == History == Shaike, Poli and Gavri had
been members of HaTarnegolim" ("The Roosters"),
founded in 1960 by Naomi Polani. The Gashashim put
on many comedy skits which became classics in
their own right ("The Drafted Car", "Off Side
Story", "Kreker vs Kreker", etc.) and contributed
numerous quotes to modern spoken Hebrew. They also
starred in comic Israeli movies which became major
hits, such as Givat Halfon Eina Ona and recorded
many famous Hebrew songs. Some of Israel's
greatest authors and playwrights, including the
late Nisim Aloni, prepared material for the trio.
The producer of HaGashash HaHiver was Avraham
Deshe ("Pachanel"). The Gashash' sketches
transcended class and education. Their elaborate
word play became known as Gashashit. On October
29, 2007, Yisrael Poliakov died at age 66.   ==
Awards and recognition == In 2000, HaGashash
HaHiver and its three members were awarded the
Israel Prize for lifetime achievement & special
contribution to society and the State of Israel.
The judges who awarded the prize, wrote of their
decision to bestow the award on the group: "The
uniqueness of Hagashash Hahiver is in its two
faces: On the one hand, it reflects the life and
the culture that were created in Israel during its
first 50 years and in the course of wars,
immigration absorption and the struggle for its
existence. On the other hand, it has taken an
active role in shaping this culture, creating its
language and sketching its identity...Their
language, Gashashit, and the images they created
broke the walls of the inflexible Hebrew language
and became standard idiomatic phrases, so much so
that he who doesn't know them doesn't know a large
part of the culture that has sprouted here.
Phrases such as, 'Drive in peace, the keys are
inside,' 'There was an engine?' [referring to the
"Drafted Car" skit where the army returns a
requisitioned car without any of its original
parts], 'Israbluff' and many others that became
part of our everyday language."   == Cultural
significance == The group has been repeatedly
cited as helping to form a part of the cultural
self-identity of many Israelis. Israeli
sociologist and scholar Baruch Kimmerling called
the group "more significant for me than
Shakespeare" in terms of this. "They pushed the
boundary of surrealism in a language that had been
dead for a couple thousand years," said Stand Up!
Records founder Dan Schlissel, a fan of the group.
In her book No Joke: Making Jewish Humor, Yiddish
literature scholar Ruth Wisse stated that "if I
ask an assortment of Israelis, 'what comes to mind
when I say, Israeli humor?' almost everyone
answers 'HaGashash HaHiver.'"   == References ==
Đoàn Khuê (Vietnamese pronunciation: [ʔɗwaːn˨˩
xwe˧˧]; Triệu Phong, 29 October 1922 – 16 January
1999) was a Vietnamese Army general and Minister
of Defence from 1992–1997. Đoàn Khuê was born on
29 October 1922 in Triệu Phong District in Quảng
Trị Province, joined the Communist Party of
Vietnam in 1945, and served as the military
Commissioner of the provincial Party Committee.
== Military career == Đoàn held various positions
during the resistance against French rule (First
Indochina War) which was Political Commissar.
Other positions which he held include:  Political
Commissar of the 351st Division Artillery of the
Viet Minh Deputy Political Commissar of 3rd
Military Region (Vietnam People's Army) Commander
of 5th Military Region (Vietnam People's Army)
(1977–80) Commander of volunteer Army of Vietnam
in Cambodia From 1987 to 1992, he was the Chief of
the General Staff of the Vietnam People's Army.
=== Promotions === Major General, 1975 Lieutenant
General, 1980 Colonel General, 1985 Army General,
1990   == Political career == Đoàn served as
Minister of Defense from 1991 to 1997 under Prime
Ministers Đỗ Mười and Võ Văn Kiệt.   == Awards ==
State of Vietnam Gold Star (posthumously) Vietnam
Medal of Honor 2 first-class Victory Medal Order
of Victory, first class Order of the Resistance
== Personal == He has two other siblings:  Đoàn
Chương, Minister of military strategy Đoàn Thúy,
Army Captain   == References ==
Houghton is a village in the parish and community
of Burton in south Pembrokeshire, Wales. It is 1
mile (1.6 km) north of Burton village.   == Burton
Jubilee Hall == Burton Jubilee Hall in Houghton is
the venue for community council meetings. The hall
was established in 1908 as a reading room and was
bought by the parish in 1923, becoming a
charitable trust in 1963. Burton Community Council
became custodian trustees in 1984.   == School ==
Burton voluntary controlled primary school was
founded in 1844 and served a number of settlements
in the parish. It was in Houghton until the 2010s,
when it was amalgamated with Llangwm VC Primary
School.   == Worship == John Wesley preached in
the village twice, in 1771 and 1777, on his way
through the county, and it may have been at one of
three preaching crosses in the parish. He reported
in his journal (for 1771) - "I preached at
Houghton to a lovely congregation of plain artless
people." There does not appear to have been a
permanent place of worship in Houghton, but the
schoolroom was licensed for divine service in
1865. It is reported that there was a holy well,
Bishop's Well, near Houghton, located just outside
the school gates.   == References ==
Sergio Galeotti (July 26, 1945 – August 14, 1985)
was an Italian architect and co-founder of the
Giorgio Armani Corporation. Galeotti attended the
artistic high school in Carrara and worked at
several architectural firms in Italy. Giorgio
Armani and Galeotti met in Forte dei Marmi.
Tuscany, in 1966. Galeotti was an imminent force
behind the Armani machine, he led the financial
sector and administrative aspects of the company.
He is also credited with empowering Armani to
begin his own fashion label.   == Career == In
order to build capital to begin the Armani label,
Galeotti convinced Armani to sell his Volkswagen
Beetle in order to hire staff and secure office
space in Milan.   == Personal life == Galeotti and
Armani were in a relationship in the 1970s. Armani
recalls that Galeotti's passing made him
reevaluate his company and life.   == References
==
St Cynfarch and St Cyngar's Church, or simply St
Cyngar's Church, or Hope Parish Church, is a Grade
I listed parish church located in Hope,
Flintshire, Wales. The Church in Wales church is
dedicated to the Celtic saints Cynfarch and
Cyngar. It is considered to be Flintshire's oldest
church.   == Background and congregation == The
church is located in Hope, Flintshire. The church
building is located prominently within a raised
circular Celtic llan in the centre of Hope. It has
served as the historical centre point of the local
community, therefore serving as a centre for
communal events in the village. Operationally it
is located in the Rhos-a-Mynydd Mission Area
within the Diocese of St Asaph of the Church in
Wales. It operates alongside the Emmanuel Church
in Penyffordd. It is dedicated to the Celtic
saints Cynfarch of the 5th century, and Cyngar of
the 6th century, with both being descendants of
Cunedda. Although dedicated to both saints, it has
been sometimes described as to only be dedicated
to only one of the two at various times. In
particular, its dedication to Cynfarch has been
occasionally forgotten, with the church sometimes
described as only named after St. Cyngar.
Additionally, the church being connected to
Cynfarch has been disputed, with historical
references regularly omitting the saint.   ==
History == The current church has its origins to
the 12th century, with a small stone church known
to have been constructed in the late 12th century.
These 12th century structures now form the south
aisle and around the font. A church on this site
was mentioned by 1254. Churches by this time were
likely of a wooden construction. These were
damaged during the Edwardian conquest. Parts of
the current church date to the 1280s, although the
oldest part dates to 1180. Remains of a Celtic
cross have suggested it may have served as a place
of worship since the 9th or 10th centuries. In the
13th and 14th centuries, the church was gradually
extended, eastwards and westwards respectively.
Between 1490 and 1500, it was extended northwards
and its tower was first added in c. 1500,
constructed over three stages, completing in 1568.
The church is considered the oldest church in
Flintshire. It has strong ties with the Trevor
family of Plas Teg hall, with the church's south
aisle becoming the Trevor Chapel in the early 17th
century.   == Structure == The building has a
Perpendicular double-naved appearance with a 16th-
century tower. The tower is battlemented and
located to the west. It is made of local freestone
and sandstone rubble and dressings, with slate
roofs. The church's tower was first built in
c. 1500, as an independent structure in three
stages. It was joined to the nave between 1520 and
1560. It houses a bell chamber and a clock
mechanism. Above them is a ring of six bells,
serving as a World War I memorial, constructed in
1921. The church's large east window illustrating
Te Deum comprises fragments that were put back
together in 1730 from the remains of ancient
glass. The side chapel was reconstructed in 2000,
following the development of dry rot threatening
the church's structure. During the same
restoration, remains of a Celtic cross were
discovered suggesting the site has been a place of
worship since the 9th or 10th centuries. The
church building is a Grade I listed building.
While the church's railed tombs, steps and walls,
sundial base, vault, and gates are Grade II
listed.   == See also == List of churches in
Flintshire Grade I listed buildings in Flintshire
== References ==
Atelier Rebul is a brand of fragrances, cosmetics,
hair care products et al., based in Istanbul,
Turkey. Its roots go back to the Rebul Pharmacy
(Turkish: Rebul Eczanesi) on the city's famous
Istiklal Caddesi (Independence Avenue), which
French pharmacist Jean Cesar Reboul founded in
1895. It operates an eponymous chain of own-brand
retail stores in Turkey and other countries.   ==
History == In 1895, Reboul was traveling to
Trabzon in northeastern Turkey, to visit his
father, an engineer of the Hopa–Trabzon highway.
On the way, he was fascinated with Istanbul and
opened one of Turkey's first pharmacies at #116,
Rue de Pera (now #94, Istiklal Avenue) in the Pera
district (now Beyoğlu), the Grande Pharmacie
Parisienne ("Great Paris Pharmacy"). In 1938 it
released the  cologne Lavanda, which would become
iconic. In 1939 Reboul returned to France and the
pharmacy was run by his protegé and later partner,
Kemal Müderrisoğlu. The Atelier Rebul brand and
stores were launched in 2013. As of 2020, monthly
production capacity was 3,600,000 units; in 2020-1
the company transitioned production to a new
20,000-m2 factory in Çerkezköy.  The store at
Galataport in the old post office building is
historically themed and was designed by Ottoman
Art Expert Serdar Gülgün. It opened in 2022. In
2024, Nuket Filiba was co-CEO. That year, the
company opened a store in Indonesia and  announced
plans to open in Thailand, Singpaore and Malaysia
after opening a flagship heritage store in
Shanghai, China.   == References ==
The Orhideea Towers, is a class A office building
complex constructed in the western part of
Bucharest in the vicinity of the Politehnica
University of Bucharest. The complex comprises two
office buildings, one 17 floors, 85 m (279 ft)
tall and the other 13 floors, 64 m (210 ft) with a
total gross leasable area of 37,000 m2 (400,000 sq
ft). At completion the 85 m (279 ft) high building
complex will be one of the tallest in Bucharest.
The construction of the building started in
October 2015 and was completed in the first
quarter of 2019 at a total cost of €75 million.
The original project consisted of two 20 floor
buildings covering 50,000 m2 (540,000 sq ft) but
eventually was modified to comprise the current 17
and 13 floor buildings linked together by a
skybridge. The complex is directly linked to the
nearby Grozăvești metro station by a tunnel
specially built for the project.   == See also ==
List of tallest buildings in Romania   ==
References ==   == Gallery ==
Takayuki Hattori (服部 隆之, Hattori Takayuki, born
November 21, 1965) is a Japanese film, television,
video game and non-soundtrack music composer,
arranger and conductor.    == Early life ==
Hattori graduated from the Conservatoire de Paris
in 1988 and since then has worked in Japan.    ==
Career == The works Hattori has scored include all
of the Slayers anime films and OAV series, Martian
Successor Nadesico anime television series and
film, live-action films Godzilla 2000, Godzilla
vs. SpaceGodzilla and Welcome Back, Mr. McDonald,
anime television series Battle Athletes,
Code:Breaker, Ground Defense Force! Mao-chan and
Sister Princess, anime films Space Brothers,
Rough, Godzilla: Planet of the Monsters, Godzilla:
City on the Edge of Battle, and Godzilla: The
Planet Eater, TV drama series Great Teacher
Onizuka, Hero, Nodame Cantabile, Current Doraemon
films, Hanzawa Naoki, Downtown Rocket and
Shinsengumi!, video games Arc the Lad: Twilight of
the Spirits, Sangokushi V and Intelligent Qube,
and TV show Hook Book Row. In recent years,
Hattori has worked with popular supergroup JAM
Project, serving as orchestral arranger and
conductor on two of their albums, Victoria Cross
and Thumb Rise Again, as well as in their live
concerts promoting said albums.   == Awards ==
Hattori has won three Japan Academy Prize awards
in the category Outstanding Achievement in Music
and was the music director of the Japan Pavilion
at the Expo 2010.    == Family == He is the son of
the composer Katsuhisa Hattori and grandson of
composer Ryōichi Hattori.    == External links ==
Official website Takayuki Hattori at IMDb Takayuki
Hattori  at Anime News Network's encyclopedia
Ahmed Ali Khan (born 4 May 1977) is an Indian
businessman and politician. He is contesting from
Congress party for Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh. He is
a well-known person who is popular for public
service.   == Early life == Ahmed Ali Khan has
been described as being one of the good
businessman in the Kurnool. He was born to Mehmood
Ali Khan on 4 May 1977 in Kurnool, Kurnool
district, Andhra Pradesh, and has a B.Com degree
from Osmania College, Kurnool (1998–99).   ==
Business career == Ahmed Ali Khan has been an MSA
Motors Kurnool dealer since 1998. Now he is the
Director of MSA Motors. He has the other
businesses that are MSA Traders  and Kamal
Enterprises.   == Political career == Ahmed Ali
Khan is an All India Congress Committee member. He
is playing a role as Kurnool city Assembly
incharge and also he is a Chairman of Minority
Department Andhra Pradesh Congress Committee.
Ahmed Ali Khan had participated in the Kurnool
constituency as an Indian National Congress Party
(INC) candidate in the 2014 state assembly
elections.   == References ==   == External links
== Ali Khan Ahmed Ali Khan on Facebook
Nintendo Switch Online (NSO) is an online
subscription service primarily used for the hybrid
game consoles Nintendo Switch and Nintendo Switch
2. The service is Nintendo's third-generation
online service after Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection and
Nintendo Network. The subscription service
officially launched on September 18, 2018; an
expanded tier of the service, Nintendo Switch
Online + Expansion Pack, was released on October
25, 2021.  Nintendo Switch Online features include
online multiplayer, cloud saving, voice chat via a
smartphone app or GameChat, access to special
profile pictures, as well as other promotions and
offers. The service also include access to a
library emulated retro games called Nintendo
Classics. Nintendo Switch Online + Expansion Pack
includes access to additional retro systems'
libraries (up to Nintendo Gamecube as of April
2025) and downloadable content for Animal
Crossing: New Horizons, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and
Splatoon 2. The Nintendo Switch 2 Editions for The
Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and The Legend
of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom were announced as
additional benefits for Expansion Pack members in
April 2025. The base service on the original
Nintendo Switch received mixed reviews; criticism
at launch was directed at the requirement of using
a smartphone app for voice chat, software library,
limited selection of cloud save titles, and
technical issues, although its price was praised.
The Expansion Pack add-on also received divided
responses, with controversy directed at its higher
price.   == History == The Nintendo Switch was
announced in October 2016 and released on March 3,
2017. Nintendo stated in its pre-release
announcements that the system would eventually
require the purchase of a paid "online service"
but that they would be available to all users at
no charge until the service launched. Features
announced included a companion smartphone app, as
well as access to a free Nintendo Entertainment
System game per month. The service was initially
planned for late 2017. By June 2017, Nintendo
pushed back the service's release until late
December 2018, but did establish the pricing plans
for the service, with an average annual price of
US$20, depending on the region. From July 21,
2017, Nintendo offered an interim period featuring
online multiplayer free of charge and the launch
of the Nintendo Switch Online smartphone app.
Then-Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-
Aimé explained that the delays were to ensure that
the service was "world-class", and had enough of
its announced functionality available on-launch to
justify its cost. Nintendo aimed for a lower price
point in comparison to PlayStation Plus and Xbox
Live Gold, as the service does not include the
same range of features as these subscription
services provide. Then-Nintendo president Tatsumi
Kimishima stated that the price point was a
subject of importance in designing the Switch's
online services, and that regardless of what
competitors were doing, "it's a matter of getting
our content to the consumer at a price point that
would make them happy, and then we're willing to
look at what else we can do going forward." The
Nintendo Switch Online service was launched on
September 18, 2018. A Nintendo Direct five days
before the release detailed the full set of
features that would be part of the Online service,
including a larger and persistent library of NES
games with 20 available on launch, and more to be
added on an ongoing basis, as well as cloud save
support. The initial launch covered 43 markets,
with more markets expected to follow later. In
September 2018, Nintendo Switch consoles imported
to China started experiencing connectivity issues
there, due to the Nintendo Switch Online service
using Google's servers, which are blocked in
China. The service officially launched in South
Korea and Hong Kong on April 23, 2019. On
September 5, 2019, Super NES games were added to
the service under a separate app. On December 1,
2020, the 11.0.0 software update for the Nintendo
Switch system software was released, which added a
Nintendo Switch Online app to the console's home
screen. Nintendo introduced a new subscription
tier known as Nintendo Switch Online + Expansion
Pack on October 26, 2021; this tier primarily adds
Nintendo 64 and Sega Genesis titles to the classic
games service. It also added Animal Crossing: New
Horizons: Happy Home Paradise as the first of
several pieces of downloadable content that users
have free access to for the duration of the
subscription. This tier was priced at US$50 per
year on average or US$80 for the family
subscription option (including the base price of
$20 from the original service). In February 2023,
Nintendo added Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game
Boy Advance titles to the service. The standard
subscription gave access to the Game Boy and Game
Boy Color titles, while Game Boy Advance titles
required the Expansion Pack tier. In November
2023, Nintendo launched a new version of the
Nintendo 64 - Nintendo Switch Online in Japan for
games that received a CERO Z rating, dubbed
NINTENDO 64 Nintendo Switch Online +18. A similar
version was released for users outside Japan in
June 18, 2024, called Nintendo 64 – Nintendo
Switch Online: MATURE 17+. During a financial
meeting in November 2024, Nintendo President
Shuntaro Furukawa stated that the Nintendo Switch
Online service will come to the Nintendo Switch 2
as well.   === Usage === By December 31, 2018,
approximately three months after its launch, the
service had gained more than eight million
subscribers. Nintendo reported in late-April 2019
that the service had 9.8 million subscribers. The
service reached over 10 million subscribers by
July 2019, and over 15 million by January 2020.
The service had reached over 26 million members by
September 2020. By September 2021, the service had
reached 32 million subscribers. In May 2022,
Nintendo President Shuntaro Furukawa claimed in an
interview that subscribers of the paid service had
"gradually" increased, adding that a large
percentage of the new members were in the United
States.   == Features ==   === Multiplayer ===
Nintendo Switch Online is required to access
online multiplayer on the majority of titles. Some
free-to-play multiplayer games, such as Fortnite
Battle Royale and Warframe, and games published in
China (due to the Chinese version of Nintendo
Switch lacking Nintendo Switch Online service),
are exempt from this requirement, and can be
played online freely without a subscription.   ===
Cloud saves === Cloud storage allows save data for
supported games to be synchronized online, so it
can be recovered if the user must move their
Nintendo Account to a different Switch console or
if they use multiple consoles. Users will lose
access to their cloud saves should they allow
their subscription to lapse, though there is a
grace period of six months to renew the
subscription and recover them before they are
purged. The feature is not supported for some
first and third party games, including those with
certain forms of online functionality such as item
trading and competitive rankings. Nintendo cites
concerns surrounding the possibility of abuse that
could "unfairly affect" gameplay as the reason for
those games not allowing for cloud saves. Nintendo
also keeps a list of games that aren't supported
on its website.   === Companion app === The
Nintendo Switch App (formerly called the Nintendo
Switch Online App) is a console companion
application developed and published by Nintendo
for use alongside the Nintendo Switch Online
service. Released on July 21, 2017 for use on iOS
and Android devices. The app features voice chat
and "game-specific services" for games such as
Splatoon 2, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Arms, Mario
Tennis Aces, Nintendo Entertainment System for
Nintendo Switch Online, Super Smash Bros.
Ultimate, and Animal Crossing: New Horizons. On
the Nintendo Switch 2, users are able to export
screenshots from games onto the app.   ====
Communication ==== Users can voice chat through
the Nintendo Switch Online mobile app on
smartphones. Voice chat functionality is not
available natively through the Switch console;
Reggie Fils-Aimé justified the decision by
explaining that "Nintendo's approach is to do
things differently. We have a much different suite
of experiences than our competitors offer, and we
do that in a different way. This creates a sort of
yin and yang for our consumers. They're excited
about cloud saves and legacy content but wish we
might deliver voice chat a different way, for
example."   === Nintendo Classics ===  Since the
Wii era, Nintendo typically offered retro games
from their older consoles through the brand
Virtual Console, using first-party emulators to
run the games on their newer consoles. However,
starting with the Nintendo Switch family, Nintendo
would not use the Virtual Console brand. Instead,
retro games have been released under the brand
"Nintendo Classics" on both the Switch and Switch
2. Subscribers to Nintendo Switch Online can
access apps to play retro games for antecedent
video game systems, with the emulation software
for the service mostly handled by NERD. Games with
multiplayer modes support both local and online
play. During its first year, the Online service
distributed Nintendo Entertainment System (NES)
games, and later added Super Nintendo
Entertainment System (SNES) titles in September
2019. Nintendo has expanded both libraries over
time. Starting in October 2021, subscribers can
purchase an expansion to play Nintendo 64 and Sega
Genesis games; unlike the other systems, the
emulation software for these consoles was
principally done by iQue and M2, respectively. In
February 2023, games for the Game Boy/Game Boy
Color were added to the base Nintendo Switch
Online subscription, while games for the Game Boy
Advance were made available for those who purchase
the Expansion Pack. Starting in June of 2025,
games for the Nintendo GameCube will also be made
available for those with the Expansion Pack
exclusively on Nintendo Switch 2. In certain
cases, some of these games have been reworked to
support multiplayer gameplay for up to four
players locally and online.   === Offers and
promotions === Switch Online subscribers are also
granted access to special offers and promotions
from Nintendo; on launch, those who purchased a
12-month subscription or family plan received
special in-game items for Splatoon 2, and Nintendo
opened exclusive pre-orders for special wireless
controllers based on the NES controller,
specifically intended for use with the
aforementioned NES app. Similarly, a special
wireless SNES-based controller designed to work
with the Switch was made available to purchase
exclusively to Online subscribers shortly after
the service added support for SNES titles. Ahead
of the October 2021 expansion pack to support
Nintendo 64 and Sega Genesis games, Nintendo
announced the availability of two Switch
controllers available to Online subscribers based
on the Nintendo 64 and the three-button Genesis
controller form factors, while a controller based
on the six-button Mega Drive controller will be
available to Japan subscribers. Controllers based
on the Famicom and Super Famicom were also
released for their respective companion apps in
Japan. With the announcement of GameCube games
coming to the service, a controller based on the
GameCube controller was also revealed. Coinciding
with the anticipated release of Super Mario Maker
2, a price-reduction promotion was announced
during the game's Nintendo Direct that was
available exclusively to Nintendo Switch Online
members. The promotion introduced "Nintendo Switch
Game Vouchers", which allows purchasers to
download two qualifying Nintendo Switch games for
a set price of $99.99 MSRP, compared to a $120 sum
of buying both games separately. Nintendo has also
offered free original games for those with an
Online subscription. Tetris 99 was released as a
free-to-play title for subscribers in February
2019, though has subsequently offered paid
downloadable content and retail versions of the
game for non-subscribers. Super Mario Bros. 35 was
released on October 1, 2020 for a limited time to
celebrate the anniversary of the Super Mario
franchise, and was discontinued on March 31, 2021.
Pac-Man 99 was released on April 7, 2021 alongside
paid downloadable content, and was discontinued on
October 8, 2023. F-Zero 99 was released on
September 14, 2023, and was scheduled to have free
updates through October 2023, however it has
received new content through October 2024. Upon
the introduction of the Expansion Pack in 2021,
free access to select downloadable content for
retail games also became available for subscribers
of the higher tier. The first of these was Animal
Crossing: New Horizons's "Happy Home Paradise"
DLC. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe's Booster Course Pass and
Splatoon 2's Octo Expansion DLC would be added the
following year. The Nintendo Switch 2 Editions for
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and The
Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom, featuring
improved frame rates and resolution as well as
access to Zelda Notes feature via the mobile app,
were announced as additional benefits for
Expansion Pack members in April 2025.    ===
Missions and rewards === Missions and rewards were
launched in March 2022. These missions, to be
offered on a rotating basis, give the user
opportunities to earn Nintendo platinum points by
completing certain activities with the Switch
software or in various games. The points can then
be redeemed to purchase digital items to be used
within the Nintendo Switch app, as well as towards
physical items at the Nintendo store.   === Game
Trials === Game Trials are a feature that allow
members to try out a game for one week. The game
would be the same as if a person were to buy the
game regularly. Games that are on Game Trials
usually also go on sale on the eShop. If
subscribers bought the game, any progress made on
the trial will transfer to the game.   ===
Playtest Program === On October 9, 2024, Nintendo
announced a program titled "Nintendo Switch Online
Playtest Program", which allows select users who
successfully applied the following day to test a
currently unknown, upcoming feature for Nintendo
Switch Online. The playtest is only open to
Nintendo Switch Online + Expansion Pack members
whose Nintendo Account region is set to Japan, the
United States, the United Kingdom, France, Italy,
Germany, and Spain and whose age is 18 or over.
The playtest ran from October 23, 2024 to November
5, 2024.   === Nintendo Music === Nintendo Music,
a music streaming service app featuring various
Nintendo video game music soundtracks, was
released for Android and iOS on October 31, 2024.
Whilst the app is free to download, it requires
Nintendo Switch Online to access the app's
content, but all subscribers can use the service
at no additional charge. The app functions
similarly to other services such as Spotify as it
can create curated playlists based on Nintendo
soundtracks and can download music for offline
listening. The app also features a spoiler feature
that can hide music and can extend certain songs
by 15–60 minutes.   == Reception == Reviews for
the service have been mostly mixed. Its affordable
price compared to other online services has been
generally praised, but its smartphone app (which
is required for voice chat), content library, the
initially small selection of cloud save-supported